and here it is 249 we don't get busted
but we're ready you want to get it out
Willy Wonka video Willy Wonka but I mean
oh God
so Moses is after Oh taking videos of
the elevator oh I'm not kidding
Oh on you all right thank you
you have okay everyone get ready for the
secret floor of 49 and grandma happen to
be so excited about this this cars a bit
slow it is well get ready to the excess
weight watch out watch out you better be
oh my god
oh my god I'm not getting off this is 49
that was gonna break up wasn't that
awesome guys yeah we are our way Oh hold
the door for second
get up
good against
also weakened too
it wound up
so not
it's a cool 40 die
I'm so freaked out right now wait
see
yeah it's here
we saw 49 it wasn't that awesome guys
yeah right on it extremely secret for
yeah well we'll have that we're going
yeah good you're lucky we didn't get put
in jail
lol so nothing was that awesome guys you
saw secret boy hoarding and it was bust
three we didn't get passed at all
the third hmm awesome
now let's get up gotta take this fast
so sharply
let's just keep the secret
hello no what's it that all
back off wasn't that awesome everyone on
you there so now you get to see the real
code now no look
so we'll see you
you